Update documentation to RCV (#58)
ROCm/rocprof-compute-viewer: docs/how-to/using_spm.rst

.. meta::
  :description: Collect and load SPM counters in ROCprof Compute Viewer.
  :keywords: SPM, streaming performance monitor, ROCprof Compute Viewer

.. _using-spm-counters:

*****************************
Collect and view SPM counters
*****************************

> RCV can load rocprofv3 Streaming Performance Monitor (SPM) JSON output either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ROCprof Compute Viewer (RCV) can load rocprofv3 Streaming Performance Monitor (SPM) JSON output either
```

by itself or alongside a matching SQTT trace.

Collect SPM
===========

Always include ``SQ_CYCLES``. RCV uses it to:

- convert each XCC's SPM timestamps into shader-clock cycles;
- follow shader-clock frequency changes;
- identify and reconstruct accumulated missing sample windows.

For example:

.. code-block:: bash

  rocprofv3 --spm-beta-enabled \
    --spm SQ_CYCLES SQ_WAVES TCP_TOTAL_CACHE_ACCESSES \
    --spm-sample-interval-unit sclk_cycles \
    --spm-sample-interval 4096 \
    --output-format json -- ./application

The supported counters and sample-interval range depend on the GPU and ROCm
version. Use ``rocprofv3-avail list --spm-config`` and
``rocprofv3-avail list --spm`` to inspect them.

Attach SPM to SQTT
==================

1. Load the matching rocprofv3 UI output directory or raw ``.att`` trace.

> 2. Select **Import > SPM JSON...**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to **Import > SPM JSON...**.
```

3. Select the rocprofv3 results JSON containing the SPM collection.

The SQTT input must contain realtime records (``realtime.json`` or decoder
``REALTIME`` records). RCV aligns every XCC independently using the first SQTT
realtime anchor and ``SQ_CYCLES``.

If the realtime ranges do not overlap, RCV displays a warning but still
performs the alignment.

Open standalone SPM
===================

Use **Import > SPM JSON...**, or pass the JSON file on the command line:

.. code-block:: bash

  ./rocprof-compute-viewer results.json

Without SQTT realtime anchors, the plot uses timestamps relative to the first
SPM timestamp rather than aligned shader-clock cycles.

Plot behavior
=============

- XCC, shader engine, and hardware instance are tensor dimensions.

> - SE and instance dimensions are summed for plotting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RCV sums the SE and instance dimensions for plotting.
```
